**Welcome to INForcast**, never order too many vaccines again!  
INForcast will help you forcast your next Influenza vaccine order.

Leveraging advanced TimeSeries modeling, the app delves into historical vaccination records and seasonal patterns, offering you a tailored prediction for your future Influenza vaccine requirements. Moreover, we provide a comparative analysis of your current year’s vaccination statistics against the data from previous years, giving you a clearer picture of trends and changes. Use our trained model to forcast your vaccination requirement, or train the model with your own data.

### Ready to get started?
Upload your vaccination data, using the upload form. Data can be from SystmOne or Emis, as long as it is in the right format.  


**Very important**  
The format of the date columns in your csv - **Event date** and **Date of Birth**, both need to be in the format `dd-mmm-yyyy` for example: 28-Jan-2024.     
If your software exports it in a different format, open your csv with Excel and highlight the date columns, right click and select **format cells**, then click **custom** and enter the date format as `dd-mmm-yyyy`, save your file and then upload to INForcast. 

Download the SystmOne Search using the button below. Import this into SystmOne Clinical Reporting, you will need to **breakdown** your results in the required columns:   
```
Vaccination Type
Patient ID (Strategic ID, not NHS number)
Event Date (Date when the vaccination took place)
Event done at ID (Indicating where the vaccine was given)
Date of Birth
Surname
Patient Count (Leave this column, automatically generated by S1)
```



